
/* dont complain in conversations. */

/* learn managment. */

/* learn basics of design. */

/* learn public speaking. */

/* be likable to other people. */

/* the harder you work the better youll get. */

/* dont complain in conversations. */

/* learn managment.*/
/* learn basics of design. */

learn public speaking.

be likable to other people.

the harder you work the better youll ge.t

The way you get better is by working through difficult things you've never done.

become part of the coding comunity. It could be fun our helpful. Maybe facebook.

Ienstine said that if you cant simply explain something to a six year old than you dont understand it yourself.

If your going to work on something do it right and give yoursef pride for it. It'll incourge you to go on.

you have to adabt to change. Coding will always grow and new great things are yet to be discovered.


Get good at gramer. It's more inportant than you think.
Thirst for new knowledge in the coding world.

Read helpful books every day. Even stuff outside of coding.

News letters about programing is a good way to stay up to date with the coding world and all the new mager things bing created by pure geniouses.

Staying in touch with the coding world will also help you by being more connected and aware of the collective conciousness.

How to learn a new language.
Watch a full tutorial series on the language, when I’m watching I don’t try to follow along, I simply watch what the instructor does in the demos so I can get a high level view of the language syntax and flow.
Create a hello world application, I’ll incorporate a few basics, such as running a loop, creating and instantiating a class, and any other high level concepts I remember from the tutorial.
Pick out a sorting algorithm and implement it in the language. It’s fine if the sorting algorithm is a basic one like selection or bubble sort. Sorting algorithms force you to use: data structures, loops, variables, and functions. Combining each of these elements will give you a good handle on how the language works.
Go through an advanced tutorial on the language and this time follow along and build the programs with the instructor.
Go through coding interview questions for the language. Being able to confidently answer these questions will give you a good idea if you have a solid understanding of the language.

Learning platoes are the times when your brain doesnt want to learn any more. To get over this you are going to have
to find the reason why and solve it.

Quality over quantity. Sometimes this won't matter. But still make sure the main key functions work better first.

If it were easy everyone would do it.

How to get over procrastination.
We need to hack our thought practice to do this.
Failer is a not a bad thing. The more you try the more likely you are to do it and you'll do it much faster.
Consintrate on what you are learning now and don't worry about all the new stuff you'll have to learn in the futter.
Take it one step at a time.
Get a big project and break it down one block at a time. Making it into tiny features you can work on every day and
it'll get done faster and easier without being scared about how big it is.

Writing bad code is imorral.

When solving small problems, take a bigger look at the project and make sure that the little thing you are solving
is'nt going to ruin something else on the project and make life complicated and hard.

Use the knowledge already out there by people who are very experienced. To ignore all that valuable knowledge is 
unresponceble.

Master design in the area of color, fonts, shape, etc. It'll help you beyond.

How the color of the sight makes the user feel is very importent. Note: Red pissis people off so usit 
in situations when the user is unfallowing someone and something nice like green when the fallow someone.

Ask yourself questions like do you want it to be hard or easy for the user unfallow people.

Make sure your projects are'nt so compacted and has enough white space to make feel confortable. Scrolling is better
wishing you had a heart attack.

Disign your projects for mobile before desktop. It’s a lot easeir to make a project designing mobile first.

pipenv install Flask-SQLAlchemy

You can allways inspect onather websight  that is simular to the one your building to see how it works. 

f.flux is a blue light filter































































































































